hey cookaholics chef kendra here and
today we're making pepperoni pizza but
what's really cool about this pepperoni
pizza is the fact that the crust is so
fast to make very fast very easy so you
can make pieces of any day of the week
all right
let's do what we do turn to the kitchen
and make it happen okay guys we have our
stuff ready as per usual you want to
pre-heat your oven to 450 degrees we're
pouring water into this bowl and the
next thing when add is the yeast now
make sure the water is warm now I'm
gonna add some honey you can also use
sugar if that's your thing so now we're
going to stir that up a bit we have some
regular cornmeal here that we're just
gonna dust our 12 inch piece of pan with
and we're gonna set that aside now we're
going to add some flour to our bowl now
that I use this blue we're tossing in
some olive oil some salt some Italian
seasoning and some garlic powder now
we're gonna give this a good stir just
until it all comes together here you can
knead it with your hands or use your
food processor I'm using my KitchenAid
stand mixer with the dough hook
attachment to knead it up for about five
minutes
tossing a little flour on the board and
shape the dough slide onto a piece of
pan we're gonna drop down our sauce if
you need a terrific piece of sauce guys
check the About section below spread the
sauce on top down some mozzarella cheese
I'm also using some Parmesan cheese but
you can just stick with mozzarella
you're gonna drop down these pepperoni
boys and make sure you use a good
pepperoni some brands out there really
suck guys we're gonna bake this off for
15 to 20 minutes and that's all it is to
it
hey I hope you guys like that the link
to the recipe is in the About section
below check out my last video right over
there and looking about section for all
kinds of good stuff like my P o box
information a link to my free monthly
updates my Pinterest my Instagram and my
Twitter share my videos and if you
haven't already subscribe
chef Kendra is out peace